[torchci] Update instructions for modifying settings (#558)
pytorch/test-infra: torchci/README.md

2. Save the query, creating a new version.
3. Download the query with `yarn node scripts/downloadQueryLambda.mjs <workspace> <queryname> <version>`.
4. Update `rockset/prodVersion.json` with the new version of the lambda.

### Modifying Deployment Settings

> If you ever need to modify the deployment settings like the oauth callbacks, domain names, there's a few places that you need to change these settings in. Here's a list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you ever need to modify the deployment settings like the oauth callbacks, domain names, there are a few places that you need to change these settings in:
```

nit, but I also have no idea what oauth callbacks and domain names refer to

Reviewer: jk i do know what they are, but I think it'd be good to link them to what they're used for, e.g. "domain names (for HUD)" etc.

> 1. DNS Registry/Certificates (Owned by the OSS team)

Reviewer: So is the suggestion here to contact the OSS team? If so, we should suggest a PoC or link to the group of Open Source Support.
